Docs 08282024 (#45)
maffettone/erobs: src/aruco_pose/README.md

# Detecting Aruco Markers with Azure Kinect

## Camera Operation:

Run the following command to launch the camera.

```bash

> podman run -it --rm --privileged --network host --ipc=host --pid=host azure-kinect:latest /bin/bash -c "Xvfb :2 -screen 0 2560x1440x16 & . /opt/ros/humble/setup.bash && . /root/ws/install/setup.sh && ros2 launch azure_kinect_ros_driver driver.launch.py depth_mode:=NFOV_UNBINNED  point_cloud_in_depth_frame:=false" 

Reviewer: Very concerned about --privileged use.

Please explain the parameters set.

Reviewer: @ChandimaFernando `--privileged` is still used here.

Author: fixed:

https://github.com/maffettone/erobs/blob/233bb394d7a3507b880b6c0a1dc04fb602c14de6/docker/azure-kinect/README.md?plain=1#L7-L9

For Azure kinect, they can be found when running the ROS2 camera node and explained in [this link](https://microsoft.github.io/Azure-Kinect-Sensor-SDK/master/structk4a__calibration__intrinsic__parameters__t_1_1__param.html).

## Positioning of the Camera

Parameters ```cam_translation.x```, ```cam_translation.y```, and ```cam_translation.z``` are measures from the base of the robot and in the robot's coordinate world. 

> Hint: Use the robot arm to determin the x and y axis of the robot by moving the robot along ```x=0``` and ```y=0``` Cartesian lines. Next use a tape measure to measure the distance from each x and y axises to the camera lense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hint: Use the robot arm to determine the x and y axis of the robot by moving the robot along ```x=0``` and ```y=0``` Cartesian lines. Next use a tape measure to measure the distance (projections) from each x and y axises to the camera lens.
```

## ArUco markers

Complete guide to ArUco markers are in [this link](https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/d5/dae/tutorial_aruco_detection.html).

## Tag Family

In our work, we use the marker family 'tag36h11', which is a family of tags which are detectable by both ArUco and AprilTag detection. [This link](https://github.com/AprilRobotics/apriltag-imgs/tree/master/tag36h11) points to the AprilTag GitHub repository that hosts pre-generated images.

> Prior to detection, printed out tags (of equal size) needs to be measured precisley and recorded under the paramater `physical_marker_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to detection, printed out tags (of equal size) need to be measured precisely and recorded under the paramater `physical_marker_size`.
```

Reviewer: Provide link to parameter file if in the repo.
